Clarification parameter designation (#27)
modelica/ssp-standard: docs/5___ssd.adoc

{empty}[ _For example for a system A containing a system B which contains an exposed parameter named SP1 and an element C with a parameter P2, the hierarchical names of the parameters in system A are B.SP1 and B.C.P2 respectively.

> The hierarchical name of those parameters inside system B are SP1 and C.P2 respectively._ ]
> 
> {empty}[ _For example, a parameter binding of a e.g. a component A which contains an exposed parameter P shall reference the parameter using its local name P, not the hierarchical name A.P (possibly after any mapping)._ ]

Reviewer: Maybe merge with previous discussion into one non-normative section:

```suggestion
The hierarchical name of those parameters inside system B are SP1 and C.P2 respectively, and the hierarchical name of P2 inside element C is just P2.

Therefore a parameter binding on element C shall reference the parameter P2 using its local name P2, not the hierarchical name C.P2, which would be valid for a parameter binding on system B._ ]
```
